3) What is SDLC?Explain each phase of SDLC?

        Answer:-

SDLC fullform is (Software Development Life Cycle)

SDLC means for making a best to best software so first to last all process to implimanting and made a best 
software its called Software development Life Cycle (SDLC).

And SDLC process is step by step and line by line.

1)PLANNING (REIQUIRMENT)
2)ANALYSIS
3)DESINGNING
4)IMPLIMANTION
5)TESTING
6)MAINTENANCE


IN DETAIL OF ALL STEP

1)planning;
first of all making a software we are planning for best strategy and market place.
and checking collection data for which types of market demand and making a blueprint.
its called planning.

2)analysis;
for making a software we are search in market which types of requirment,which types of demand,
which types of market.
all createria study and based on requirment we are moving for making a software.
and search and fullfill our requirment.
its called a analysis.

3)desinging;
based on our analysis we are working on desinging through HTML,CSS,Javascript.
Becouse of for making a best software desinging part is most important.
its called desingning.

4)implimantation;
based on our analysis and based on our designing we are working off the all process and creating and added
all our crearetia.
we are added logical point,all types of information for showing in our software.
its called implimantation.

5)testing;
after the implimantation process we are checking this software.
software is including our information software is proper working or not.
our information is properly showing or not.
and any king of problem,error,bug or trubleshoot are showing in this software so solve this problem and complete
the software work.
its called testing.

6)maintanance;
after the all process and software is properly working we are checking time to time.
including regular updates and changing information.
and our software is working on properly in future and not coming any bug or problem
 all the time and maintaining this bug and making best.
its called maintainance.

